[docs] Document the matchContents sizing contract on Host and RNHostView (#48309)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v57.0.0/sdk/ui/jetpack-compose/rnhostview.mdx

- **With [`matchContents`](#matchcontents)**: The shadow node size is set to match the child React Native view's intrinsic size, allowing the Jetpack Compose parent to size itself based on the React Native content.
- **Without `matchContents`**: The shadow node size is set to match the parent Jetpack Compose view's size, allowing the React Native content to fill the available space (useful for `flex: 1` layouts).

> > **Note:** `matchContents` only works when the child has a natural size of its own. If the child just fills whatever space it is given (`flex: 1`, percentage widths, or text that wraps to the available width), Jetpack Compose and Yoga keep resizing each other and layout can loop forever. Let the child size to its content instead, for example with `alignSelf: 'flex-start'`, and give long text a `maxWidth`.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **correctness** `prose.md#core-principles`

`flex: 1` is the first cause listed, but neither `alignSelf: 'flex-start'` nor `maxWidth` fixes it, so a reader who arrives from #48058 applies both and still loops. This page already answers that case under "Flexible content without matchContents" by omitting `matchContents`, so send the reader there. The same gap is in the other three copies of this note and in the `matchContents` TSDoc.

---

```suggestion
> **Note:** `matchContents` only works when the child has a natural size of its own. If the child fills whatever space it is given (percentage widths, or text that wraps to the available width), Jetpack Compose and Yoga keep resizing each other and layout can loop forever. Give the child a size of its own, for example `alignSelf: 'flex-start'` or a `maxWidth` on long text. For a child that is meant to fill the space, such as `flex: 1`, omit `matchContents` and see [Flexible content without matchContents](#flexible-content-without-matchcontents).
```

<!-- docs-review -->
